Welcome. This week, I
will go over autocorrect.
It is how your
misspelled words are
corrected automatically
to the right ones.
You know it already from
your e-mail client on your phone.
Let me show you how it works.
So let's go over this
week's learning objectives.
You'll learn about
autocorrect conceptually.
You've most likely used it in
your phone or word processor.
But what is autocorrect exactly?
It can mean slightly
different things
depending on the context.
You will learn about
the nuances this week.
You'll practice building
the model to perform autocorrect.
You'll learn each step
in autocorrect and
key concepts to prepare you
for the coding assignments.
When performing autocorrect,
you will want to be able to
quantify how far apart or
different two strings are,
and ask how many letters you can
change to go from one
string to another.
To do this, you will learn to
measure minimum edit distance.
You will implement a really
interesting algorithmic
approach for
solving the minimum edit distance
called dynamic programming.
At the end of the lecture,
you'll demonstrate your
new skills and put
all these techniques to work
in this week's assignments.